Through our multiple linear regression analysis we found the following variable to have provided a non-random amount
of variance to the mpg values in the dataset; vehicle length and ground clearance, as well as intercept. The slope 
of the linear model is not considered to be zero because we have non-zerocoefficients for the significant variables.
Since the intercept is statistically significant, it means that there are other variables and factors that
contribute to the mpg that have not been included in our model. These variables may or may not be withing out dataset
and may still need to be collected or observed. As a result I do not believe this model predicts MechaCar
prototypes mpg effectively.

By creating a summmary table of statistics for PSI variabe of the suspension copil we found that the min and max are
1463.064 and 1535.568 respectively with a mean of 1499.53 and a standard deviation of 8.73. This results in a
variance of 76.23459 which is less than 100. Therefore the currect manufacturing data does meet the design
specification of having the variance of the suspension coils be less than 100 PSI.

Running a t-test on the PSI data for the suspension coils versus the mean popoluation results of 1500 pounds per inch
we find that our p-value is 0.5117 which is above our significance level. Therefore, we do not have enough sufficient
evidence to reject the null hypothesis, and we would state that the two means are statistically similar.

Due to rising prices at the pump, consumers have been increasingly made aware of fuel efficiency. If it can be shown
That MechaCar outperforms the competition on the basis of fuel efficiency with comparable vehicles that are
statistically simialar in other categories, Mecharcar could gain marketshare from its competitors. The question to ask
would be, is the mean of the mpg of MechaCar models statistically different than that of it's competitors similar
models. The null hypothesis would be that the average mpg (fuel efficiency) is not statistically different, whereas the
alternative hypothesis is that the average mpg is statistically different (lower) than the competitor. Tr performs this
test, we would have to collective mpg data for competitor models that compare well on size, seating, design, weight etc.
to the MechaCar models. Then we would perform T-tests on pair of these mpg data, pairing MechaCar with a competitor each
time.
